Add DAC phase 2 options for AZURE_TOKEN_CREDENTIALS (#50749)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-net: sdk/identity/Azure.Identity/CHANGELOG.md

## 1.15.0-beta.1 (Unreleased)

### Features Added

> - Added support for the `AZURE_TOKEN_CREDENTIALS` environment variable to `DefaultAzureCredential`, which allows for additional credential selection options. The valid values now include any of the credential names available in the default chain (VisualStudioCredential, VisualStudioCodeCredential, AzureCliCredential, AzurePowerShellCredential, AzureDeveloperCliCredential, EnvironmentCredential, WorkloadIdentityCredential, ManagedIdentityCredential, InteractiveBrowserCredential, or BrokerAuthenticationCredential.) **Note:** BrokerAuthenticationCredential require that the project include a reference to Azure.Identity.Broker.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Expanded the set of acceptable values for environment variable `AZURE_TOKEN_CREDENTIALS` to allow for selection of a specific credential in the `DefaultAzureCredential` chain. The valid values now include any of the credential names available in the default chain (`VisualStudioCredential`, `VisualStudioCodeCredential`, `AzureCliCredential`, `AzurePowerShellCredential`, `AzureDeveloperCliCredential`, `EnvironmentCredential`, `WorkloadIdentityCredential`, `ManagedIdentityCredential`, `InteractiveBrowserCredential`, or `BrokerAuthenticationCredential`.) **Note:** BrokerAuthenticationCredential requires that the project include a reference to package Azure.Identity.Broker.
```

> - Expanded the set of acceptable values for environment variable `AZURE_TOKEN_CREDENTIALS` to allow for selection of a specific credential in the `DefaultAzureCredential` chain. The valid values now include any of the credential names available in the default chain (`VisualStudioCredential`, `VisualStudioCodeCredential`, `AzureCliCredential`, `AzurePowerShellCredential`, `AzureDeveloperCliCredential`, `EnvironmentCredential`, `WorkloadIdentityCredential`, `ManagedIdentityCredential`, `InteractiveBrowserCredential`, or `BrokerAuthenticationCredential`.) **Note:** BrokerAuthenticationCredential requires that the project include a reference to package Azure.Identity.Broker.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Expanded the set of acceptable values for environment variable `AZURE_TOKEN_CREDENTIALS` to allow for selection of a specific credential in the `DefaultAzureCredential` chain. The valid values now include any of the credential names available in the default chain (`VisualStudioCredential`, `VisualStudioCodeCredential`, `AzureCliCredential`, `AzurePowerShellCredential`, `AzureDeveloperCliCredential`, `EnvironmentCredential`, `WorkloadIdentityCredential`, `ManagedIdentityCredential`, `InteractiveBrowserCredential`, or `BrokerAuthenticationCredential`.) **Note:** `BrokerAuthenticationCredential` requires that the project include a reference to package Azure.Identity.Broker.
```
